Fixes for Onboarding shim, doc updates (#4865)
Azure/azure-sdk-tools: tools/test-proxy/documentation/asset-sync/README.md

The `Tag` "commit SHA" is literally the SHA of the tag being pushed. This allows us limited restore capabilities in the case of non-GC-ed accidentally-deleted tags.

### How does the test-proxy relate to the `assets.json`?

The `assets.json` contains _targeting_ information about WHERE to get recordings, but how do those recordings actually end up available on disk?

> The test-proxy will restore an `assets.json` file in two scenarios:

Reviewer: When you say the proxy will "restore an `assets.json` file", do you mean that it's using the `assets.json` file for recording operations? The phrase here makes me think that the `assets.json` file itself is being fetched or restored from some data, but this section is about how the recordings are managed.

> The test-proxy will restore an `assets.json` file in two scenarios:

Author: ```suggestion
The `test-proxy` uses the information contained within the `assets.json` to `restore` files that are contained within the targeted tag. A `restore` option is invoked in two possible ways:
```

> 1. The user explicitly calls `test-proxy restore/push/reset <path-to-assets.json>`.

Author: ```suggestion
1. The user explicitly calls `test-proxy restore <path-to-assets.json>`.
```
